Fixes DOCS-172 enableNullHandling query option needs to be documented (#262)
pinot-contrib/pinot-docs: developers/advanced/null-value-support.md

To enable basic null support (`IS NULL` and `IS NOT NULL`) and generate the null index, in the Table index configuration ([tableIndexConfig](https://docs.pinot.apache.org/configuration-reference/table#tableindexconfig-1)), set **`nullHandlingEnabled=true`**.

When null support is enabled, `IS NOT NULL` and `IS NULL` evaluate to `true` or `false` according to whether a null is detected.

{% hint style="info" %}
**Important**

You MUST `SET enableNullHandling=true;` before you query. Just having `"nullHandlingEnabled: true,"` set in your table config does not automatically provide `enableNullHandling=true` when you execute a query.

> {% endhint %}

Reviewer: I'm curious if this applies to "basic null handling"?

@gortiz can you confirm? If lines 25-26 applies for basic null handling, what is the distinction between "basic" and "advanced" null handling?

Reviewer 2: It applies to both basic and advanced null handling.

The difference between basic and advanced is that basic null handling only supports `IS NOT NULL` and `IS NULL` predicates, while advanced null handling should be SQL compatible.

Author: Thank you, @gortiz . I'll make that clear before merging.

> You MUST `SET enableNullHandling=true;` before you query. Just having `"nullHandlingEnabled: true,"` set in your table config does not automatically provide `enableNullHandling=true` when you execute a query. Basic null handling only supports `IS NOT NULL` and `IS NULL` predicates. Advanced null handling adds SQL compatiblilty.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You MUST `SET enableNullHandling=true;` before you query. Just having `"nullHandlingEnabled: true,"` set in your table config does not automatically provide `enableNullHandling=true` when you execute a query. Basic null handling supports `IS NOT NULL` and `IS NULL` predicates. Advanced null handling adds SQL compatibility.
```

1. `To enable` null handling during ingestion, in [tableIndexConfig](https://docs.pinot.apache.org/configuration-reference/table#tableindexconfig-1), set**`nullHandlingEnabled=true`**.
2. To enable null handling for queries, set the**`enableNullHandling`** [query option](https://docs.pinot.apache.org/users/user-guide-query/query-options).

{% hint style="info" %}
**Important**

> You MUST `SET enableNullHandling=true;` before you query. Just having `"nullHandlingEnabled: true,"` set in your table config does not automatically provide `enableNullHandling=true` when you execute a query. Basic null handling only supports `IS NOT NULL` and `IS NULL` predicates. Advanced null handling adds SQL compatiblilty.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You MUST `SET enableNullHandling=true;` before you query. Just having `"nullHandlingEnabled: true,"` set in your table config does not automatically provide `enableNullHandling=true` when you execute a query. Basic null handling supports `IS NOT NULL` and `IS NULL` predicates. Advanced null handling adds SQL compatibility.
```
